Okay, so right now you can
see that we have a very simple
application that we built
in the last video and which
is working absolutely fine.
But guys, tell me one thing,
just tell me one thing.
Do you think that this code
right here, which is a very
small code, is easy to write?
Do you think?
Do you like this code?
Absolutely not, right?
This particular
code is absolute mess.
Now imagine that you are working in
a company where you have a very,
very, very big code and you have
database integration, you have
redis integration, you have rate
limiting, you have a lot of
features set up and, coding like
this and that to having five to six
developers in your team.
Just imagine the amount of mess that
you guys are going to create, right?
Because you cannot have switch
cases, switch cases, switch cases
and do all the things manually.
This is not at all a good
developer experience, right?
You need some framework.
You need something
that, you know, makes a,
consistency among developer.
You need something that takes away
this whole messy part and creates
your code in a more structured
and a more maintainable way.
So for that there is one
very popular framework that
is known as Express js.
You might have heard about it.
And right now Express
5 is also out there.
So this Express, which is like
a battle tested and it is
therefore in the market
for years and years and it will stay
in the market for years.
So this basically takes
this headache, okay?
So from the next video onwards, we
are not going to use this HTTP
module because, you know, using this
HTTP raw module gives you a good
capability to create a server.
But the code is absolute mess.
So we are going to use Express
which internally, which
internally uses this HTTP
package only to create servers.
So we are going to use this.
So let me just show you a hello
world example at what it looks.
So see how clean it is.
You just do Express.
You create an application of Express.
You say, hey, if there is a get
request and slash, send this
response listen on this port.
So this is how, this is how
declarative this Express jss, okay?
And not only that, when you
are coding a server, a lot
of things comes in, right?
You need header parsing, you know,
you need body parsing, you know
how to say, you should know how
to send responses, how can you
declutter your code, how can you
move your codes into separate
files?
So there are a lot of things
that are going to come.
So for that we are going
to use Express js.
And trust me, all the companies,
big companies, small companies,
everyone uses Express js a lot.
And even in future,
any other library comes they are
inspired from the Express.
So if you know Express, you
can easily adapt to other
frameworks and libraries as well.
So I'll meet you in the next
class where we are going to set
up an Express application.
Till then, bye bye and take care.